Update architecture documentation (#627)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/architecture/file-structure/understanding-src-folder.md

The main idea when doing the 1.7 release was to use Symfony as a replacement for our own PrestaShop framework.

In the `/src` folder you'll find 3 main folders with different purposes:

- **Core**: contains business logic classes
- **Adapter**: business logic classes that still depend on legacy framework (for instance: `Context`, `Dispatcher` or constants);
- **PrestaShopBundle**: classes that acts as a glue between PrestaShop classes and Symfony

## Core

Core classes belong to the `PrestaShop\PrestaShop\Core` namespace.

This is the default destination for any new code, as long as it follows these rules:

1. It MUST NOT depend on any legacy classes like `Context`, `Dispatcher`, etc.
2. It MUST NOT depend on legacy constants.
3. It MUST NOT depend on classes from PrestaShopBundle.
4. It SHOULD follow SOLID principles, in particular the Dependency Inversion principle.
5. It SHOULD NOT depend directly on the Symfony framework.
6. It SHOULD NOT depend directly on Adapter classes (it SHOULD depend on interfaces instead).
7. New interfaces MUST be added in Core, unless they depend on legacy code.

## Adapter

Adapter classes belong to the `PrestaShop\PrestaShop\Adapter` namespace.

> Since Core code cannot depend directly on legacy classes, classes in the Adapter namespace provide Core classes with "bridge" to legacy classes by following the [Adapter pattern strategy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adapter_pattern). Through this pattern, Adapter classes wrap legacy code in a way that implements the interface required by Core.

Reviewer: Same here, we might explain what is the meaning of "legacy classes".

In time, these interfaces will be reimplemented in "pure" Core code, rendering Adapters unnecessary.

Code in this namespace should follow these rules:

1. It MUST NOT depend on classes from PrestaShopBundle.
2. It SHOULD implement a Core interface.
3. It SHOULD only serve as a bridge to a legacy class.
4. It SHOULD follow SOLID principles, in particular the Dependency Inversion principle.
5. It SHOULD NOT be a simple copy/paste of legacy code in a different namespace.

You should create a new file here whenever you have a hard bound with legacy files, and
you can't refactor it easily. For instance, take a look at `PhpParameters` class in "Configuration": this class doesn't rely on
Context or specific constants but on the configuration files of PrestaShop legacy framework. As these files are shared by both front and back, we couldn't manage to refactor it and remove it now.

## PrestaShopBundle

> Adapter classes belong to the `PrestaShopBundle` namespace. The bundle contains the "glue" between Symfony framework and PrestaShop business services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle classes belong to the `PrestaShopBundle` namespace. The bundle contains the "glue" between Symfony framework and PrestaShop business services.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle classes belong to the `PrestaShopBundle` namespace. This folder contains the code composing the application layer, meaning:
- the classes wrapping PrestaShop business logic into a Symfony application
- the classes relying heavily on Symfony implementation such as Controllers, Twig templates, Form Types
```

Author: ```suggestion
Bundle classes belong to the `PrestaShopBundle` namespace. This folder contains the code composing the application layer, meaning:

- Classes wrapping PrestaShop business logic into a Symfony application
- Classes relying heavily on Symfony such as Controllers, Twig templates, Form Types, etc.
```
